Introduction
Title: Chess game using C
This project helps to developing game sector in Chess by using C programming.
  
Objectives:
Use enum s to give names to numbers. ...
Define a struct to combine chess piece type and color. ...
Don't use nested functions. ...
Use switch -statements where appropriate. ...
Move more code into separate functions. ...
Be consistent when naming functions and variables. ...
Add whitespaces to make the structure of your code more clear.
  
Explaination:
A standard chess set has 32 pieces, 16 per side. These pieces are sometimes called chessmen, but most experienced players refer to their pieces as “material.” The rules of chess govern how each piece is placed, how each piece moves across what number of squares, and whether there are any special moves permitted..

Who:
•	C programming is used to maintain the line parameters whose main focus on constructing Chess game moves.
What:
•	Many Transmission Line are inefficient due to prolonged time for testing the efficiency of the transmission line manually.This project gives the oopurtunity to compute all the required parameters and deploy into real world with more efficiency
When:
•	With the increasing surfaces chess move & parameters change exponentially.
•	With the increase in line parameters,increased the problem to design the efficient way to suitable pieces moves for chesss game.
Where:
•	This problem is surfaced in chess game in all states of India .
How:
•	This project takes in all the design input values and yields out the Line parameters.
  
Detail requirements
High Level Requirements:
ID	         Description                                            Category	 Status
HLR01 	User has a menu for selecting the type of line parameters       Technical	 IMPLEMENTED
HLR02  	Requires the input from the user for Short line	parameters      Technical	 IMPLEMENTED
HLR03	 Requires the input from the user for Medium line parameters    Technical	 IMPLEMENTED
HLR04 	Requires the input from the user for Long line parameters   Technical	 IMPLEMENTED
									
					

Low level Requirements
ID	          Description                                                       HLR ID	Status
LLR01	   Small menu should be created for A switch case the user to interact	    HLR01  	IMPLEMENTED
LLR02  	A function to calculate the  shortLine parameters	                    HLR02  	IMPLEMENTED
LLR03  	A function to calculate the complex MediumLine parameters	            HLR03	  IMPLEMENTED
